So with that, I really wanna just
leave you with a final checklist,
we're really are wrapping up now.
So I wanna kind of run through some of the
key findings that we talked about today,
the key things that I
would encourage you to do.
And there were a variety
of different things.
This whole idea of meshing design and
developing them closely together
is quite an important one, really.
Cuz it's kind of fundamental to your
success going forward to get that working
relationship right between the two.
That whole thing about never showing
the design to your client without
first showing it to your developer,
really important as well.
Again, it's about ensuring that the
designs you're producing are practical and
appropriate within the constraints
that you're working within.
I would recommend,
basically creating a simple design
system for any design that you work on.
Work with components within things
like Figma and stuff like that so
that you make your own life easier
as you tweak, and improve, and
change the design,
even if you get into feedback territory.
So for example, when I produce a design
in Figma, because I'm using components.
When I do some testing,
I've just done with usability testing and
they turn around and say it performed
worse than the existing version.
It's not the end of the world, because I
can implement their recommended changes
really easily across
the whole of my prototype,
because it's all built with components.
That will be so much more difficult, I
had to go through every single screen and
change it, it's just common sense.
Yeah, and
if you're gonna get onto bigger sites and
definitely build a more robust design
system, one that integrates with your
code design system as well,
that's definitely worth doing.
And then start talking about post-launch
optimization right at the very beginning
of the project.
Make sure it's built into your timelines,
because it is the most valuable
stage from a design point of view.
And then finally, work on that
site optimization through that
ongoing cycle of
identifying problem pages.
Identifying the problem on the page, form
a hypothesis about how you could fix it,
and come up with some different solutions.
Test those solutions, roll them out,
rinse and repeat, simple as that.